>> Steve Kinney: So we're gonna
actually switch gears for a little bit.
And we're gonna work on a different
application that is called Trapper Keeper.
And basically, a application where you
can upload images and load them from S3.
And it's basically just a contrived excuse
to use the storage API,
which is another one of the Amplify APIs.
The storage one is really cool because,
yeah,
we can put stuff in S3 buckets,
super fun, right?
But it'll ask you to do a bunch of
really kind of granular things.
So let's actually switch over and
take a look at that.
>> Steve Kinney: So storage API,
as I just mentioned,
is basically an abstraction over a very,
very well configured S3 bucket
that mobile hub makes for you.
As a front end engineer personally,
I'm pretty liberal with S3 bucket cuz
usually what I'm using my S3 bucket for
is basically going to host my JavaScript,
and my CSS and my html, and
I want everyone to get it, right?
So if you want a wide open, public S3
bucket, that's pretty easy to set up.
But that's what we use S3 in
the hosting section of mobile hub for.
For S3 of the Store section,
we have different needs.
This is for
storing user's actual files, right?
And in some cases those
might be public files fd.
And in other cases it could be private and
potentially sensitive data that you don't
want anyone just be able to go get, right?
There's very common, is that a whole bunch
of companies that should know better and
do better basically have public S3
buckets with people's credit scores and
credit information, personal data On a,
effectively a monthly basis, there is some
kind of security breach where it's not,
security breach is a strong word, right?
It's like, yes this person broke into
your house but you also left the door and
all the windows open, and
they were walking down the street and
said, hey, here's a house with
the doors and all the windows open and
no one in it and
a treasure trove of stuff.
Right?
Yes they still committed a crime.
But [LAUGH] you could've done that.
So this is for that kind of
sense of getting it right is
actually a little bit trickier.
Right?
Cuz like usually when I'm using
S3 Bucket I'm using them for the most
naive case possible, which is hey everyone
I put a file I'm using as like glorified
FTP server from the 90's, right,
like here's my destination,
I am putting it on the internet for you.
This is for some like, this is like what
the storage API Gives you a little more
fine grained control, and
helps you make good choices.
Because nobody wants to be the person
in that article, and somebody is,
like whatever company it is there were
engineers that made a boo boo, right?
And so
this helps you make some good choices.
The other thing I wanna point
out is that if you have
Cognito set up in your application and you
have some buckets, you can actually like,
you don't need, you can use any piece
of everything we've shown you today,
you can use all of it together but you can
also just use the piece that you want or
need in other context or
a larger application as well.
This is like we've use
the example of spinning up
very small apps very quickly
cuz it's a great way to teach.
But most of our real world
code is not like that.
It's like I have this need.
The idea that you can pull
in some of these tools
one by one as you need them and in very
specific cases is also super interesting.
All right, so let's look
a little bit at the storage API.
Pulling it from aws-amplify
is very similar
to pulling in the API as well,
all right, or auth as we saw before.
And effectively like you
can almost think about it
like it has a little bit of a crud API,
right,
it has the ability to get a individual
file at a [INAUDIBLE] bucket,
it has the ability to put a file in an S3
bucket, it has the ability to remove one,
it has the ability to list all the ones,
S3 doesn't like really have
directories per se but
it'll use the slashes as Fake directories.
I use basically, it's really a file
called photo slash lololol dot png,
you can actually treat it as
a directory in this case, so for
instance storage dot list would get
you all the files in the photos
directory and give you basically
an array of all those keys,
they are not the actual files themselves,
they are effectively just the file name.
Right, you actually will see
after you go through another step
to actually get the url.
Why didn't you just give me the url?
Turns out this is incredibly powerful.
Because there is stuff like,
if it is a private file,
then what's stopping me from
accidentally sharing that url?
These'll give you signed
urls that are unique.
And you can actually set
expiration dates on them.
You can be All right,
for photos dot lololol,
which is clearly sensitive information,
I wanna show it on the page, but
I wanna generate a url that's only
good for 60 seconds, right and so
you can basically have mission impossible
style exploding urls that after a certain
amount of time they don't work any more,
which is kinda cool.
So the Storage API and
the amplify/mobile hub supports
three different levels of privacy.
One is public, so no privacy,
which is basically anyone can
read or
write to the public part of the bucket.
Right.
Put anything in, it's fine, so
on and so forth.
Protected is anyone can read but
only the user that put it in there.
So still scope to the user, can actually
edit and in this case, you need to kind of
know if you wanna get another users,
user's protected files from their bucket.
You do need to know their ID, right?
And that's where that auth get session and
get current user and
stuff like that,
that's where that's helpful.
Cuz you could, this becomes interesting
when you also have a database.
So you can be like hey, I know that
there's a file in this bucket, and
it belongs to this user.
Once you know the user and
the file, you can go get it,
even if you are not that user, right?
So it's just a way,
if you have the name of the key of the
file, who it belongs to, you can read it.
You can't write to it, right?
Like I can upload a new Facebook photo,
but I can't upload a new Facebook for
John, right?
I hope not, right?
That's security breach if I can.
So there's that kind of
different level of access.
And the final there's private.
Private is only the person who
owns that file can view it.
Or read it or anything along those lines.
And this is in terms of,
I give you the key.
To get that URL you must meet
the privacy conditions, right?
So, I mean, yeah, yeah,
I want the lololol.png from a public one.
Yeah, and you wouldn't get a URL that
is gonna be the URL to that file.
But if you wanna get it from a private
one, you have to be the owner or
else you're not getting the URL.
You're not getting access at all,
which is kind of how it works.
There's also storage vault which is
just an alias for level private.
By default, it's public, You can
actually change the default as well.
But by default, it's public and
storage.fault is by default private.
So yeah, you can get your own stuff.
If you wanna get someone else's stuff
you do need to know their identity ID.